build,refactor: update development tooling and package configuration (#614)
C2SM/icon4py: tools/README.md

## Installation instructions

> Until the development reaches a stable state, we recommend you to follow the general instructions in the [../README.md](../README.md) root folder to install `icon4pytools` and all its dependencies in a virtual environment for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until development reaches a stable state, we recommend that you follow the general instructions in the [../README.md](../README.md) root folder to install `icon4pytools` and all of its dependencies in a virtual environment.
```
